README.md, before:

# onekey-bridge
可以在 [release](https://github.com/OneKeyHQ/onekey-bridge/releases) 看到最新发布的二进制安装文件。

## 编译与安装
在本地安装了 go 环境之后，最好把项目安装到 GOPATH 中，防止后续 go 编译错误，一般来说 GOPATH 是 `~/${username}/go` （`username` 是当前登陆账户）：
```
go get github.com/karalabe/xgo
docker pull karalabe/xgo-latest
```

同时确保 `xgo` 和 `docker` 在环境变量中

```
cd release
GOPATH=xx make all
```

进入 release 文件夹，在跑命令时，增加 GOPATH 环境变量，GOPATH 一般来说是 `~/${username}/go` （username 是当前登陆账户），也可以通过 `go env` 来确认。

编译完成之后，installers 下面就会有以下二进制安装文件：

* onekey-bridge-${version}-1.i386.rpm（Linux 32-bit (rpm)）
* onekey-bridge-${version}-1.x86_64.rpm（Linux 64-bit (rpm)）
* onekey-bridge-${version}-win32-install.exe（windows 系统用户，32位，64位均用此安装包）
* onekey-bridge-${version}.pkg（OSX 系统用户）
* onekey-bridge_${version}_amd64.deb（Linux 64-bit (deb)）
* onekey-bridge_${version}_i386.deb（Linux 32-bit (deb)）

其中中间的内容是版本号，由根目录下的 VERSION 文件控制，所以每次代码更新后，需要手动更新 VERSION 文件中的版本号。

**Only compatible with Chrome (version 53 or later) and Firefox (version 55 or later).**

status: [spec](https://w3c.github.io/webappsec-secure-contexts/#is-origin-trustworthy) [Chrome](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=607878) [Firefox](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=903966) [Edge](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/platform/issues/11963735/)

## Install and run from source

onekey-bridge requires go >= 1.6

```
go get github.com/OneKeyHQ/onekey-bridge
go build github.com/OneKeyHQ/onekey-bridge
./onekey-bridge -h
```

On Linux don't forget to install the [udev rules](https://github.com/trezor/trezor-common/blob/master/udev/51-trezor.rules) if you are running from source and not using pre-built packages.

## Guide to compiling packages

Prerequisites:

* `go get github.com/karalabe/xgo`
* `docker pull karalabe/xgo-latest`
* make sure `xgo` and `docker` are in `$PATH`
* `cd release && make all`; the installers are in `installers`

## Quick guide to cross-compiling

Prerequisites:

* `go get github.com/karalabe/xgo`
* `docker pull karalabe/xgo-latest`

Compiling for officially supported platforms:

* `$GOPATH/bin/xgo -targets=windows/amd64,windows/386,darwin/amd64,linux/amd64,linux/386 .`

## Emulator support

onekey supports emulators for both OneKey versions. However, you need to enable it manually; it is disabled by default. After enabling, services that work with emulator can work with all services that support onekey.

To enable emulator, run onekey with a parameter `-e` followed by port, for every emulator with an enabled port

`./onekey -e 21324`

If you want to run this automatically on linux, do

`sudo systemctl edit --full onekey.service`

and edit the service file (and maybe restart the onekey service). On mac, you will need to edit

`/Library/LaunchAgents/com.bitcoinonekey.onekeyBridge.onekey.plist`

and edit the last `<string>` in the plist. (And also probably restart the pc.)

You can disable all USB in order to run on some virtuaized environments, for example Travis

`./onekey -e 21324 -u=false`

## API documentation

`onekey-bridge` starts a HTTP server on `http://localhost:21320`. AJAX calls are only enabled from onekey.so subdomains.

Server supports following API calls:

| url <br> method | parameters | result type | description |
|-------------|------------|-------------|-------------|
| `/` <br> POST | | {`version`:&nbsp;string} | Returns current version of bridge |
| `/enumerate` <br> POST | | Array&lt;{`path`:&nbsp;string, <br>`session`:&nbsp;string&nbsp;&#124;&nbsp;null}&gt; | Lists devices.<br>`path` uniquely defines device between more connected devices. Two different devices (or device connected and disconnected) will return different paths.<br>If `session` is null, nobody else is using the device; if it's string, it identifies who is using it. |
| `/listen` <br> POST | request body: previous, as JSON | like `enumerate` | Listen to changes and returns either on change or after 30 second timeout. Compares change from `previous` that is sent as a parameter. "Change" is both connecting/disconnecting and session change. |
| `/acquire/PATH/PREVIOUS` <br> POST | `PATH`: path of device<br>`PREVIOUS`: previous session (or string "null") | {`session`:&nbsp;string} | Acquires the device at `PATH`. By "acquiring" the device, you are claiming the device for yourself.<br>Before acquiring, checks that the current session is `PREVIOUS`.<br>If two applications call `acquire` on a newly connected device at the same time, only one of them succeed. |
| `/release/SESSION`<br>POST | `SESSION`: session to release | {} | Releases the device with the given session.<br>By "releasing" the device, you claim that you don't want to use the device anymore. |
| `/call/SESSION`<br>POST | `SESSION`: session to call<br><br>request body: hexadecimal string | hexadecimal string | Both input and output are hexadecimal, encoded in following way:<br>first 2 bytes (4 characters in the hexadecimal) is the message type<br>next 4 bytes (8 in hex) is length of the data<br>the rest is the actual encoded protobuf data.<br>Protobuf messages are defined in [this protobuf file](https://github.com/trezor/trezor-common/blob/master/protob/messages.proto) and the app, calling onekey, should encode/decode it itself. |
| `/post/SESSION`<br>POST | `SESSION`: session to call<br><br>request body: hexadecimal string | 0 | Similar to `call`, just doesn't read response back. Usable mainly for debug link. |
| `/read/SESSION`<br>POST | `SESSION`: session to call | 0 | Similar to `call`, just doesn't post, only reads. Usable mainly for debug link. |

## Debug link support

onekey has support for debug link.

To support an emulator with debug link, run

`./onekey -ed 21324:21320 -u=false`

this will detect emulator debug link on port 21320, with regular device on 21324.

To support WebUSB devices with debug link, no option is needed, just run onekey-bridge.

In the `enumerate` and `listen` results, there are now two new fields: `debug` and `debugSession`. `debug` signals that device can receive debug link messages.

Session management is separate for debug link and normal interface, so you can have two applications - one controlling onekey and one "normal".

There are new calls:

* `/debug/acquire/PATH`, which has the same path as normal `acquire`, and returns a `SESSION`
* `/debug/release/SESSION` releases session
* `/debug/call/SESSION`, `/debug/post/SESSION`, `/debug/read/SESSION` work as with normal interface

The session IDs for debug link start with the string "debug".

## Copyright

* (C) 2018 Karel Bilek, Jan Pochyla
* CORS Copyright (c) 2013 The Gorilla Handlers Authors, [BSD license](https://github.com/gorilla/handlers/blob/master/LICENSE)
* (c) 2017 Jason T. Harris (also see https://github.com/deadsy/libusb for comprehensive list)
* (C) 2017 Péter Szilágyi (also see https://github.com/karalabe/hid for comprehensive list)
* (C) 2010-2016 Pete Batard <pete@akeo.ie> (also see https://github.com/pbatard/libwdi/ for comprehensive list)
* Licensed under LGPLv3

Commit message:

Feature merge trezor (#6)
* update changelog

* update README.md

* Add support for OpenBSD (#181)

* Don't use custom patched libusb
* Build all of the shims/interfaces on OpenBSD

* README: add a note on cloning for Go begginers

* Do not check if another call is in progress in Post method

* README, change app name from trezord to onekey

* udp: decrease emulator timeout to 500 for non-darwin OS

* Revert "udp: decrease emulator timeout to 500 for non-darwin OS"

This reverts commit 55e66adbdb5791175c13a015028cd8ca4cf8fbc5.

* core: set udp timeout to 1000 ms

* libusb: have separate locks for read and write

See #130 for more info.

* core: introduce read and write mutex locks

We are introducing read and write mutex in the core.go. Splitting the
mutexes into two (read and write) enables us to perform a write operation
during read. This is exactly what we need to make Cancel work.

See #130.

* core: add note to 'other call in progress' check

* changelog: document 2.0.28 and 2.0.29

* core: lock sessionsMutex when deleting session

* travis: change build environment to bionic

* hidapi: update to unstable 24a822c

* libusb: update to unstable 4261cbe

* libusb: undef interface (again)

* libusb: update Windows API level to 6.0

* libusb: update macOS API level to 10.7

* release/linux:update Fedora in Dockerfile

* release/macos: update Fedora in Dockerfile

* release/windows: update Fedora in Dockerfile

(Fedora 28 is latest with osslsigncode)

Co-authored-by: Muhammad Kaisar Arkhan <accounts@yukiisbo.red>
Co-authored-by: Tomas Susanka <tsusanka@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Pavol Rusnak <pavol@rusnak.io>

README.md, after:

# onekey-bridge
可以在 [release](https://github.com/OneKeyHQ/onekey-bridge/releases) 看到最新发布的二进制安装文件。

## 编译与安装
在本地安装了 go 环境之后，最好把项目安装到 GOPATH 中，防止后续 go 编译错误，一般来说 GOPATH 是 `~/${username}/go` （`username` 是当前登陆账户）：
```
go get github.com/karalabe/xgo
docker pull karalabe/xgo-latest
```

同时确保 `xgo` 和 `docker` 在环境变量中

```
cd release
GOPATH=xx make all
```

进入 release 文件夹，在跑命令时，增加 GOPATH 环境变量，GOPATH 一般来说是 `~/${username}/go` （username 是当前登陆账户），也可以通过 `go env` 来确认。

编译完成之后，installers 下面就会有以下二进制安装文件：

* onekey-bridge-${version}-1.i386.rpm（Linux 32-bit (rpm)）
* onekey-bridge-${version}-1.x86_64.rpm（Linux 64-bit (rpm)）
* onekey-bridge-${version}-win32-install.exe（windows 系统用户，32位，64位均用此安装包）
* onekey-bridge-${version}.pkg（OSX 系统用户）
* onekey-bridge_${version}_amd64.deb（Linux 64-bit (deb)）
* onekey-bridge_${version}_i386.deb（Linux 32-bit (deb)）

其中中间的内容是版本号，由根目录下的 VERSION 文件控制，所以每次代码更新后，需要手动更新 VERSION 文件中的版本号。

**Only compatible with Chrome (version 53 or later) and Firefox (version 55 or later).**

status: [spec](https://w3c.github.io/webappsec-secure-contexts/#is-origin-trustworthy) [Chrome](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=607878) [Firefox](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=903966) [Edge](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/platform/issues/11963735/)

## Install and run from source

onekey-bridge requires go >= 1.6

*Note:*

If you are new to Go and you are confused how come you should not clone the repository yourself, this is
indeed the Go way. If you need to modify the code you can simply `cd` into the directory
(`$GOPATH/src/github.com/OneKeyHQ/onekey-bridge`) and do whatever you please. Running `go build` inside that
directory will produce a new executable at the same place. Running
`go build github.com/OneKeyHQ/onekey-bridge` will produce a new executable in `$GOPATH/bin`. Both are built
from your local copy in `$GOPATH/src`.

```
go clean
go get -u github.com/OneKeyHQ/onekey-bridge
go build -a github.com/OneKeyHQ/onekey-bridge
./onekey-bridge -h
```

On Linux don't forget to install the [udev rules](https://github.com/trezor/trezor-common/blob/master/udev/51-trezor.rules) if you are running from source and not using pre-built packages.

## Guide to compiling packages

Prerequisites:

* `go get github.com/karalabe/xgo`
* `docker pull karalabe/xgo-latest`
* make sure `xgo` and `docker` are in `$PATH`
* `cd release && make all`; the installers are in `installers`

## Quick guide to cross-compiling

Prerequisites:

* `go get github.com/karalabe/xgo`
* `docker pull karalabe/xgo-latest`

Compiling for officially supported platforms:

* `$GOPATH/bin/xgo -targets=windows/amd64,windows/386,darwin/amd64,linux/amd64,linux/386 .`

## Emulator support

onekey supports emulators for both OneKey versions. However, you need to enable it manually; it is disabled by default. After enabling, services that work with emulator can work with all services that support onekey.

To enable emulator, run onekey with a parameter `-e` followed by port, for every emulator with an enabled port

`./onekey -e 21324`

If you want to run this automatically on linux, do

`sudo systemctl edit --full onekey.service`

and edit the service file (and maybe restart the onekey service). On mac, you will need to edit

`/Library/LaunchAgents/com.bitcoinonekey.onekeyBridge.onekey.plist`

and edit the last `<string>` in the plist. (And also probably restart the pc.)

You can disable all USB in order to run on some virtuaized environments, for example Travis

`./onekey -e 21324 -u=false`

## API documentation

`onekey-bridge` starts a HTTP server on `http://localhost:21320`. AJAX calls are only enabled from onekey.so subdomains.

Server supports following API calls:

| url <br> method | parameters | result type | description |
|-------------|------------|-------------|-------------|
| `/` <br> POST | | {`version`:&nbsp;string} | Returns current version of bridge |
| `/enumerate` <br> POST | | Array&lt;{`path`:&nbsp;string, <br>`session`:&nbsp;string&nbsp;&#124;&nbsp;null}&gt; | Lists devices.<br>`path` uniquely defines device between more connected devices. Two different devices (or device connected and disconnected) will return different paths.<br>If `session` is null, nobody else is using the device; if it's string, it identifies who is using it. |
| `/listen` <br> POST | request body: previous, as JSON | like `enumerate` | Listen to changes and returns either on change or after 30 second timeout. Compares change from `previous` that is sent as a parameter. "Change" is both connecting/disconnecting and session change. |
| `/acquire/PATH/PREVIOUS` <br> POST | `PATH`: path of device<br>`PREVIOUS`: previous session (or string "null") | {`session`:&nbsp;string} | Acquires the device at `PATH`. By "acquiring" the device, you are claiming the device for yourself.<br>Before acquiring, checks that the current session is `PREVIOUS`.<br>If two applications call `acquire` on a newly connected device at the same time, only one of them succeed. |
| `/release/SESSION`<br>POST | `SESSION`: session to release | {} | Releases the device with the given session.<br>By "releasing" the device, you claim that you don't want to use the device anymore. |
| `/call/SESSION`<br>POST | `SESSION`: session to call<br><br>request body: hexadecimal string | hexadecimal string | Both input and output are hexadecimal, encoded in following way:<br>first 2 bytes (4 characters in the hexadecimal) is the message type<br>next 4 bytes (8 in hex) is length of the data<br>the rest is the actual encoded protobuf data.<br>Protobuf messages are defined in [this protobuf file](https://github.com/trezor/trezor-common/blob/master/protob/messages.proto) and the app, calling onekey, should encode/decode it itself. |
| `/post/SESSION`<br>POST | `SESSION`: session to call<br><br>request body: hexadecimal string | 0 | Similar to `call`, just doesn't read response back. Also forces the message to be sent even if another call is in progress. Usable mainly for debug link and workflow cancelling on Trezor.  |
| `/read/SESSION`<br>POST | `SESSION`: session to call | 0 | Similar to `call`, just doesn't post, only reads. Usable mainly for debug link. |

## Debug link support

onekey has support for debug link.

To support an emulator with debug link, run

`./onekey -ed 21324:21320 -u=false`

this will detect emulator debug link on port 21320, with regular device on 21324.

To support WebUSB devices with debug link, no option is needed, just run onekey-bridge.

In the `enumerate` and `listen` results, there are now two new fields: `debug` and `debugSession`. `debug` signals that device can receive debug link messages.

Session management is separate for debug link and normal interface, so you can have two applications - one controlling onekey and one "normal".

There are new calls:

* `/debug/acquire/PATH`, which has the same path as normal `acquire`, and returns a `SESSION`
* `/debug/release/SESSION` releases session
* `/debug/call/SESSION`, `/debug/post/SESSION`, `/debug/read/SESSION` work as with normal interface

The session IDs for debug link start with the string "debug".

## Copyright

* (C) 2018 Karel Bilek, Jan Pochyla
* CORS Copyright (c) 2013 The Gorilla Handlers Authors, [BSD license](https://github.com/gorilla/handlers/blob/master/LICENSE)
* (c) 2017 Jason T. Harris (also see https://github.com/deadsy/libusb for comprehensive list)
* (C) 2017 Péter Szilágyi (also see https://github.com/karalabe/hid for comprehensive list)
* (C) 2010-2016 Pete Batard <pete@akeo.ie> (also see https://github.com/pbatard/libwdi/ for comprehensive list)
* Licensed under LGPLv3
